About Us
Walking with the crowd is good. But performing outstanding in the crowd is what makes you different. This is what DataFlair aims to make its students.

We continuously work hard to bring you the best trainers to enable your smooth learning at your home as per your convenience. This is the reason why most of the DataFlair students get placed in top MNCs in Big Data just after the training.

DataFlair team comprises of trainers who are experts in their relevant technologies and are selected after many rounds of interviews, content team that continuously works hard to provide quality content to the readers, Marketing team that work hand in hand with other teams to make the content reaches the right audience and HR team that work to extend the team and to provide a healthy work environment.

Work Culture at DataFlair
DataFlair provides a completely flexible work culture to its employees in terms of learning and growing. As different teams have specialization in different fields, every new joiner gets to learn something new from the other team members who are from top renowned institutes. Employees are also given options to learn things of their interest and master it to achieve the DataFlair vision and mission. Together we work hard at DataFlair to make the learning smooth for our students.

Vision
To provide the best training in latest cutting edge technologies across the globe and help learners carve their career.

Mission
To provide quality education at an affordable price to help everyone develop their career in the latest technologies. We aim to reach the mass through our unique pedagogy model for Self-paced learning and Instructor-led learning that includes personalized guidance, lifetime course access, 24×7 support, live project, resume and interview preparation and ready to work level learning. We aim to provide real-time technical experience to learners through our expert instructors. We will strive to continuously upgrade our offerings ensuring that we can cover all technologies and courses are up-to-date with the latest industry needs.